level=clint eastwood
level=king kong
level=burt reynolds
level=rocky
level=atari
level=bic lighter
level=superman
level=scooby doo
level=floppy disk
level=abba
level=polaroid camera
level=the godfather
level=jumbo jet
level=queen
level=star wars
level=cher
level=starsky & hutch
level=jaws
level=pong
level=walkman
level=spock
level=mobile phone
level=elton john
level=mash
level=jackson 5
level=paul mccartney
level=john denver
level=betty rizzo
level=mork & mindy
level=cheryl tiegs
level=twister
level=coming home
level=gunsmoke
level=david cassidy
level=breakout
level=marlon brando
level=carpenters
level=kenickie
level=addams family
level=sandy
level=the omen
level=chess challenger
level=jack nicholson
level=ethernet
level=super friends
level=post it notes
level=xerox alto
level=halloween
level=nerfman
level=steve mcqueen
level=luke skywalker
level=dram
level=clockwork orange
level=pet rock
level=carly simon
level=the great gatsby
level=the dead zone
level=bonanza
level=hawaii five 0
level=evel knievel
level=toss across
level=billie jean king
level=rizzo
level=jimmy carter
level=rod stewart
level=grease
level=leisure suit
level=blazing saddles
level=el camino
level=dukes of hazzard
level=patty hearst
level=little professor
level=danny zuko
level=chuck berry
level=dirty harry
level=richard dreyfuss
level=the exorcist
level=stunt kite
level=doobie brothers
level=carrie
level=rolling stones
level=loni anderson
level=mood rings
level=leif garrett
level=carlos santana
level=cheech
level=kojak
level=chips
level=garfield
level=lava lamp
level=three dog night
level=gene hackman
level=space invaders
level=hippie skirt
level=robert redford
level=meryl streep
level=velma
level=sit n spin
level=john newcombe
level=backgammon
level=gladys knight
level=trolls
level=apple computer
level=taxi driver
level=eric clapton
level=rubiks cube
level=han solo
level=faye dunaway
level=chinatown
level=bee gees
level=vw beetle
level=don mclean
level=threes company
level=happy days
level=darth vader
level=cindy brady
level=the muppet movie
level=tuxedo
level=cray
level=roller disco
level=groovie goolies
level=fonzie
level=shaft
level=princess leia
level=dallas
level=laserdisc
level=natalie cole
level=the osmonds
level=alien
level=liza minnelli
level=captain kirk
level=up in smoke
level=john travolta
level=ronald reagan
level=magnavox odyssey
level=microwave oven
level=airport
level=word processor
level=archie bunker
level=warren beatty
level=smokey & bandit
level=pontiac trans am
level=shazam
level=charlies angels
level=pocket calc
level=led zeppelin
level=hot pants
level=richard nixon
level=tyco racing
level=captain caveman
level=commodore pet
level=eagles
level=mri
level=peter frampton
level=altair 8800
level=marvin gaye
level=hall & oates
level=big bird
level=sanford & son
level=gore tex
level=animal house
level=billy joel
level=bette midler
level=lynda carter
level=bell bottoms
level=mia farrow
level=david berkowitz
level=the love boat
level=aj foyt
level=jane fonda
level=charles manson
level=lite brite
level=the brady bunch
level=jon voight
level=isabel peron
level=jack lemmon
level=toga parties
level=big wheel
level=platforms
level=tom watson
level=flo jo
level=farrah fawcett
level=dunkin donuts
level=spirograph
level=amc gremlin
level=betamax
level=the jeffersons
level=gerald ford
level=devlin
level=archie griffin
level=dr atkins
level=goldie hawn
level=oj simpson
level=cb radio
level=donna summer
level=sally field
level=ford pinto
level=hr pufnstuf
level=love story
level=boston
level=james brown
level=lou reed
level=prince
level=jane seymour
level=susan dey
level=bruce jenner
level=diane keaton
level=beetle
level=woody allen
level=good times
level=mike kekich
level=new york dolls
level=the gong show
level=the sting
level=pam grier
level=adventure team
level=catherine bach
level=fritz peterson
level=harrison ford
level=martin sheen
level=roger moore
level=bmw m1
level=action jackson
level=funkadelic
level=roots book
level=tamara dobson
level=bob marley
level=house calls
level=exploited
level=susan sarandon
level=candice bergen
level=mork and mindy
level=vcr betamax
level=sugarhill gang
level=neil young
level=clue club
level=santana
level=life of brian
level=blondie
level=stylophone
level=ned beatty
level=lava lamps
level=buick gsx
level=meatballs
level=manhattan
level=rollie fingers
level=cheryl ladd
level=joni mitchell
level=jeff bridges
level=joe torre
level=pop rocks
level=jack nicklaus
level=merlin
level=roy scheider
level=jaclyn smith
level=barracuda 440
level=iggy pop
level=the warriors
level=sex pistols
level=post it note
level=ceefax
level=hawaii 5 0
level=mario andretti
level=bob dylan
level=thurman munson
level=slap shot
level=corvette zr1
level=the wiz
level=katharine ross
level=hello larry
level=pogo stick
level=roberto duran
level=david bowie
level=susan anton
level=lola falana
level=deep purple
level=ron howard
level=peter cushing
level=the stand
level=barbi benton
level=gene wilder
level=dolly parton
level=oliver reed
level=julius erving
level=mark spitz
level=weebles
level=lindsay wagner
level=lotus esprit
level=fleetwood mac
level=terry bradshaw
level=dragnet
level=the clash
level=jason robards
level=dressy bessy
level=john cazale
level=janet weiss
level=robert duvall
level=player
level=star trek
level=apocalypse now
level=datsun 240z
level=barbara bach
level=marvin webster
level=ralph bates
level=countach
level=laser printer
level=chong
level=asteroids
level=bewitched
level=johnny bench
level=annie hall
level=lauren hutton
level=mad max
level=hall and oates
level=debbie harry
level=helen hayes
level=the knack
level=pamela hensley
level=kate jackson
level=email
level=michael caine
level=acdc
level=dustin hoffman
level=the who
level=the odd couple
level=the pretenders
level=peter boyle
level=the specials
level=chic
level=sean connery
level=blip games
level=ellery queen
level=the cramps
level=caligula
level=maren jensen
level=dapper dan
level=logans run
level=the beatles
level=adam 12
level=frenchy
level=raquel welch
level=john lennon
level=gordie howe
level=wang 1200
level=tony manero
level=george scott
level=robin hood
level=zork
level=black sabbath
level=mastermind
level=ali macgraw
level=robert de niro
level=pete rose
level=clackers
level=bobby orr
level=walter payton
level=the aristocats
level=calvin hill
level=al green
level=stephanie
level=the waltons
level=the kinks
level=network
level=jumpsuits
level=leotards
level=bo derek
level=diana ross
level=eddie albert
level=riff raff
level=lancia stratos
